# Online-Job-Portal-for-Non-Technical-Users

To this day a large majority of our population do not have access to quality education. Most computer applications pose an accessibility barrier to those who are unable to read fluently. The heavy use of text on everything from forms to document content means that those who are illiterate or semiliterate are not able to access functions and services implemented on most computer software. It does not have to be this way. Computers and mobile phones are the ultimate multimedia device. Through the use of graphics and audio, they have the potential to be wholly intelligible to a person who cannot read .The basic features of what we call a text-free user interface (UI) are simple to understand: liberal use of graphics and photographs for visual information, and voice for providing information normally provided via text. 

Our aim is to design a user interface (ui) to serve as a job portal to illiterate users. The design will be based such that even novice, illiterate users require absolutely no intervention from anyone at all to use. Our text-free ui will be based on an ethnographic(description of peoples and cultures with their customs, habits, and mutual differences.) design process which will be used to understand what kind of application subjects would be interested in, how they respond to computing technology. our user interface will use text-free methods and voice-based technologies to interact with the user. We will also put in features such as a consistent help feature which will of immense help for the user and a chatbot capable of interacting with the user in basic q&as and providing instruction etc. 
